# Wooyong_Shin_Zach_Copenhaver_ECE287_Final_Project
  This is the respository for the game that Wooyong Shin and Zach Copenhaver made on a DE2-115 FPGA for our end of semester project for ECE287. The files for the completed game can be found in the branch labeled "Complete_Game". The files where we made progress towards the final design are in the "main" branch while the rest are in the "Attempts_At_Using_Mikas_VGA" and "Attempts_At_Using_VGA_Adapter" branches.

  In the process of making this game, we tried using two different VGA modules that we got from two different people. At first we tried using a module called vga-adapter.v that we borrowed from Chris Lallo. We encountered numerous issues and difficulties when using this VGA, most notably we could not figure out how to draw images and make them move on their own. We also obtained a module for inputs from a PS2 keyboard from Jacob Gardner and Lucian Pfister. We also did not end up using this module because of similar issues to the vga_adapter module. Eventually we switched to using a VGA module that we got from Mika Burmester. We were able to figure out this VGA and did not have as many issues and therefore made our project around it. Every project using a module titled vga.v uses the VGA given by Mika Burmester. 

  This repository is a more organized version of the repository we used during the development of this project. Here is a link to the old repository: https://github.com/ZachCopenhaver/Wooyong_Shin_Zach_Copenhaver_ECE287_Project

Here is a link to the repository made by Mika Burmester than we obtained our VGA module from: https://github.com/Mikaburrie/vga-template/
